# depth_profile
depth profile calculation of implanted samples
run the multiple_figures_FZR.py for depth profile calculation
Ion beam channeling gives precise structural information of crystalline samples by combining RBS signals in the random configuration and the signals of the aligned configuration. In a channeling experiment, the key point is to make sure that the ion beam incident is exactly along the crystal axes.In frame of this project I have applied automatic control system for analysis of doped semiconductors.
5.1	Technical description
Ion beam is produced by the Van der Graaf generator and accelerator. The ion beam transmits through a cross aperture (slits) and enters to the RBS chamber. RBS chamber, installed on the accelerator line, operates with stepping motor driven goniometer. The sample holder is installed on the goniometer. Stepping motor controller steps at a constant speed after setting the speed, directions and desired positions. The size of slits can be changed to control the angular divergence of the ion beam. A detector equipped with a charge sensitive pre-amplifier, an ion beam current integrator and a single channel analyser were applied for structural analysis. The current integrator measures the bean intensity. Multichannel analyser acquires random or aligned backscattered spectrum. By manipulating the goniometer, the crystallographic axes of the crystalline sample are aligned along the incident ion beam direction. On an aligned spectrum the scattering yield from the sample is reduced by almost two orders of magnitude in comparison with the random configuration, and a peak occurs at a position corresponding to scattering from the surface atoms. Both the surface peak and the reduction in yield are due to shadowing, which is the ability of outermost atoms to shadow the underlying atoms and hence shield these atoms from direct inter-action with the ion beam. The reduction in scattering yield associated with channeling is used to determine crystalline quality, surface structure, ion implantation induced defects and lattice site position of impurity atoms.

